[docs] Add a note about z-index in SVG (#12337)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/composition/composition.md

## Subcomponents

:::info

> With SVG, the CSS `z-index` does not exist.

Reviewer: How about?

```suggestion
The CSS `z-index` property does not work with SVG components.
```

or

```suggestion
The CSS `z-index` property does not exist on SVG elements.
```
